1. XPLORE1 UI COMPLETION ASSESSMENT
Question:
Write HTML, CSS and Javascript code for below requirement:
The page has background color as pink should have form with
name "my_form".
The form will have below labels and controls:
1. Label "Student Name" followed by textbox, the label should
be created with span and id is "name_label". The textbox
should have attribute name mapped to value "student_name"
and id attribute mapped to value "student_name". Background
color of this text box and label should be yellow.
2. Label "Age" followed by textbox, the label should be created
with span and id is "age_label". The textbox should have
attribute name mapped to value "student_age" and id
attribute mapped to value "student_age". Background color of
this textbox and label should be yellow.
3. Radio options Gender (m and f). Default selection should be
m and the name should be "gender".
4. Label "City" followed by drop down. The drop down should
have attribute name mapped to value "city" and id should be
"city". There should be prepopulated cities (options) as Delhi,
Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai (all city names are case sensitive).
5. Label "Hobby" followed by three check boxes. Name and id
of those three checkboxes will be painting, dancing, sports
respectively. Display labels after these checkboxes as -
Dancing, Painting, Sports respectively.
6. Submit button.
After submit button, have a div tag to display script results in
below format:
"Name:" followed by hidden label with id "name_value"
"Age:" followed by hidden label with id "age_value"
"City:" followed by hidden label with id "city_value"
"Hobbies:" followed by hidden label with id "hobbies_value"
Next, write Javascript code for below validation (separate
function for each of these validations):
1. Name should not contain numbers. Max length is 20
characters. For validation failure, set "name_value" text as
"invalid" else set it as per name value.
2. Age should not contain any non numeric character.  Max
age is 100. For validation failure, set "age_value" text as
"invalid" else set it as per age value.
3. City value should not be empty. For validation failure, set
"city_value" text as "invalid" else set it as per city value.
4. Atleast one hobby is selected. For validation failure, set
"hobbies_value" as "invalid" else set it as per selected hobbies
in lower case separated by #. E.g if Dancing is selected, then
value set shouldbe dancing#. If Dancing and Sports is selected,
then value should be dancing#sports#